Criminals fear him.
Police respect him.
Women need him.
Men envy him.
He's the square-jawed, yet world-weary hero
your dad always wanted to be.
He's the diamond in the rough.
Fighting crime by breaking rules
that haven't been written yet.
He's even, when appropriate,
seen with ethnics and women.
The Bald Eagle Broadcasting System presents
Gordon Moorehead in...
Moorehead Rides Again!
He smokes sixty a day.
He drinks a quarter dry at lunch.
He has incredible powers of reasoning.
And he keeps America safe when government
intervention cannot.
Sleep easy America,
someone else is worrying about things so you
don't have to.
This episode of Moorehead Rides Again is brought
to you by
Los Santos Affordable Homes
and Redwood Tobacco.
Before we start this week's episode of Moorehead
Rides Again
we would like to tell you about a remarkable
free offer.
You can own an incredible genuine
Gordon Moorehead detective badge,
replica gun,
and packet of candy cigarettes.
So you can help protect your neighborhood
the same way Gordon protects America.
All you need to do is
get your dad or uncle to write a check for
ten dollars.
Send it in
and you'll be sent a certificate of graduation
from the
Moorehead School of Investigation.
Along with your badge,
gun,
and smokes.
Work real crimes.
Solve murders.
Kill people with impunity.
And smoke!
Just like a real crime fighter.
Or sit on your couch wishing you had
a dad who really loved you
and a future as something other than a ninny.
And now...
Moorehead Rides Again!
In Moorehead and the Soviet Tit Wank
Or...
Reds under the Bed.
Read all about it!
Soviet spies corrupting the nation.
Communists ruining your family,
sleeping with your wife,
pleasuring her better than you ever could.
Read all about it!
Molly, come in here
and bring me some napalm.
Gordon, I'm right here.
We're on TV now.
Besides, we moved to the west coast,
we don't need napalm anymore.
That's for clearing out the swamps of Vice
City
and setting bad guys on fire.
Exactly, toots.
Which is why I was checking if you're paying
attention.
It's not your fault you're slow,
you're made for making babies
and I'm made to think about
making babies with you
from behind while solving impossible crimes.
Boy, do I miss old Pablo.
What a sidekick, we solved some great crimes
together.
I think you're lying, you son of a bitch.
No, please no!
Ai, he is hot like a tamale!
Get me a marshmallow.
Oh, those were the days.
Get that, will you?
Of course, Gordon.
Oh, Gordon, I'm so happy we moved
from the swamps of Vice Beach to
the desert paradise of Los Santos.
Where American ingenuity
and just a little Canadian water
has turned the harsh desert into a
beautiful and very natural paradise of...
golf clubs,
sprinkler systems,
beautiful fruit farms and hydro-electrical
dams.
Filled with happy families and all the glamor
of Vinewood.
Ooh, this place really is paradise, Gordon.
Huh, silly me.
And don't forget,
starter homes are very attractively priced
here.
And I enjoyed a very exciting two hour traffic
jam
after doing calisthenics on the beach.
Exercise can be very dangerous for a woman,
Molly.
If you lose an ounce of that cushion
men will never court you.
A man wants a woman with some thickness to
her
so she won't die during childbirth.
Oh, you're right again, Gordon.
Oh, Gordon, this place is like a dream.
Umm, even paradise has a dark side.
Is that a Redwood you're smoking, Gordon?
Yes!
A Redwood, it's a vigorous cigarette
that nine out of ten physicians recommend.
All-American tobacco, of course.
Smooth, sophisticated,
yet passionate and caring.
A woman in your hands
and a tiger in your lungs.
Great while relaxing in a hospital,
or while playing tennis,
or yachting.
Oh, Lord!
Who's that?
Quiet, broad!
How!
Hello, red skin.
Aren't you on the wrong show?
I am, but actors contracts are umm...
complicated things.
And central casting ordered a chief
I... uhh... come from reservation.
We lived there like kings.
But something has come to Los Santos
that will disturb umm peace between white
man and Indian.
Ah, if only Pablo were here.
With his Mexican cunning
he could make sense of what
this indigenous savage is going on about.
No Pablo?
He big problem.
Chief, another chief.
That's right, Pablo's a hell of a problem.
He's a Goddamn communist.
Our Pablo?
Yes, squaw.
Through many moons,
our peoples have lived happily together.
We simple savages were honored to give up
our land,
so dregs from Europe build mid-west chain
restaurants
kill ninety percent of our people and herd
us in to tiny pens.
Only letting us out to drink firewater
and work construction jobs.
But now all this bliss has been ruined.
Say, pale face.
Got them Redwood?
Yes, I'd like a Redwood cigarette as well.
Perfect for chiefs of all kinds, everywhere.
For gentlemen from all walks of life.
Umm... how!
I'd like one too, but they're too manly for
me.
Damn straight, chippy.
Hey, I don't understand what Pablo has to
do with all this.
The red skin says something terrible is coming.
He thinks it's communism, Gordon,
and he's not happy about it.
His people could smell this stuff in the wind.
This... umm... land of freedom,
not land to share equally.
What he's trying to say, Gordon,
is this is a land of freedom,
not a land to share equally.
I-I don't understand?
Ooow...
Being a woman I can't help but
stick my nose in where it doesn't belong
and amble cluelessly through life.
Can I fix you gentlemen a drink?
Damn straight you can, woman.
Two scotches and a ceremonial bowl of water
for the chief.
I'm on wagon.
I'd use the local police force, but
the fact is, Gordon, they're useless.
No existentialist crime fighters like yourself.
Men with an addiction to justice,
they're much better at fighting evil
than government fat cats and bloated examples
of America's descent into decadence.
Amen.
We think that the commies have infiltrated
the moving pictures.
Writing subversive themes and scripts
to influence our children and women.
The fact is, there's only one kind of red
we like in this country.
A red skin who knows his place and
wears feathers a lot while having very little
understanding of syntax.
Not Goddamn communists!
There's communists?
In Vinewood?
Oh, but this used to be a nice country.
Oh, Gordon I'm scared.
I'm scared too, Molly,
of what I'll do when I catch them.
Me scalp 'em big nasty.
Alright, alright, alright...
Simmer down.
Sorry.
We'll have to find a way
to sneak on to that motion picture studio
lot
and have a look around, see?
I knew I could count on you.
Who better to protect America than
a drunk,
a dame,
and a sensitive portrayal of indigenous people?
How about we smoke on peace pipe?
Oh yeah.
I'm in.
Okay, alright.
Let's get out of here.
I know exactly where to start.
Are we going to the movie studio?
No Molly, we're going in here.
Can't start a case without a fisted gin.
Helps a man think.
Now, where to find these pinkos?
Hey there partner, where you from?
Oh, I'm from...
Georgia.
Oh, I do love a peach.
Yeah, I'm real American.
I sleep with sister and...
And finger sheep.
Well, no time to dilly dally.
I've got to solve this case,
and I know just how to get into that movie
lot.
Hey, Joey.
Look what I snuck from my old man.
Gadzooks, Nancy.
He'll be cross for sure.
You'll get a serious spanking.
Nah, he only spanks Mommy.
Why should he enjoy all this refreshing flavor?
Yay!
I love you forever, Redwood cigarettes.
When Daddy's not looking,
grab that pack.
Don't worry about that
cough or hack.
Time to smoke, smoke, smoke really good.
It's got to be that filter tip...
Redwood.
Yeah.
Smoking is just as fun for kids
as it is for parents.
Have a Redwood.
Don't let adults have all the fun.
Halt!
Where are you going?
Look the other way, pal.
We're fighting communists.
Oh!
I hate these communists.
They killed my father.
In Stalingrad.
Look in the writer's room -
I hear the filthy socialists often meet there.
Oh, Gordon!
I'm scared.
Shut up!
You'll blow our cover.
I'm sorry Gordon.
Estrogen makes me weak-minded.
Let's not waste time.
We haven't got a moment to lose on dull exposition
or silly plot points.
I wanna go straight to the boss of this place.
Vinewood is full of harlots and charlatans,
and socialist scum.
And I wanna know who is pulling the strings.
We need to have a chat, bucko.
You've been over doing the firewater again,
huh?
We can't afford to pay your kind for movie
work.
We're losing money...
This is...
Advertising money.
I'm no sitting bull, big chief pile of cash.
I'm Gordon Moorehead,
crime fighter,
and I'm hunting commies, see?
Huh!
I knew it!
Those aren't mine.
They belong to the maintenance man.
A likely story.
Blaming the honest poor.
I'm sorry Mr. Zelder.
I forgot my artificial hand.
You slipped by this time,
but I'm convinced you're running
a massive propaganda operation here.
One that's hell bent into turning this country
into bunch of weak minded,
overly considerate,
Lenin lovers.
Hey!
That's a bold faced lie.
Actors and movie executives would never
push a liberal agenda.
We studio bosses are too busy
counting money all day and
sleeping with young starlets to care about
the dread we're putting out.
What you need to do is visit the writer's
room.
Yes, that's what you should do.
What I need to do is...
Get this young lady out from under my desk.
No teeth, damn it!
Sorry, Mr. Zelder, I didn't mean it.
Oh Gordon, this is so scary.
Shut up!
I'm running out of places to slap you.
We're fighting a red menace here.
We've got no time for emotion.
What did you do during the war, Gordon?
I fought fascism.
In Germany, Italy?
No, dumbass, Florida.
Now shut your yap.
We're here.
Gadzooks!
Someone's making monkeys of us.
There must be another writer's room.
Don't worry.
I will track 'em.
Over there.
You're incredible,
you savage.
Pablo.
That's not Pablo!
Yes it is.
Igor Pablovich, rusky at large.
Comrades.
You're too late.
Already I have flooded your movies with
communist propaganda.
Your workers will...
They will rise up,
unionize the men's ridiculous wages,
then all the American industry will fail
and move to communist China!
It's good plan, no?
Oh, oh please.
Oh, that is rich!
America will always be a pillar of industry.
We're unstoppable.
Our hunger and work ethic make us invincible.
As if America would ever become
fat,
lazy,
and entitled like you commies.
And besides...
I'm about to stop you!
Oh, that horrible,
awful foreigner's getting away.
Get him, Gordon.
No!
Bye, bye comrades.
I fall down.
Pablo.
Hola, senor Moorehead,
Hola, Miss Malmstein.
Oh, Pablo, where have you been?
I stopped for siesta and to have a burrito.
Such a cunning people.
They nap half the day and
mix the same four ingredients
and give it twenty different names.
Can I get a Chimichanga?
Gordon, I bring you a present.
But Pablo, Friendly's no longer a sponsor
of this show.
Sí, but this is old script.
Muy viejo.
Well, in that case,
give me a Redwood,
buy me a starter home,
and stand the hell back.
These people are about to be put on the cutting
room floor.
I guess weeding out trouble never goes out
of style.
How, muchacho.
And I guess I, would like a Redwood.
Join us next time for more adventures,
with Gordon,
Molly and the gang,
as they protect America's atomic secrets
by setting some off.
Only on...
Moorehead Rides Again.